---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-20T13:45:25.586Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-20T13:45:21.780Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-20-89dd8a47-f3d6-47b1-bf7f-94aa4def39f1.md
published: true
url: 89dd8a47-f3d6-47b1-bf7f-94aa4def39f1/index.html
_type: Article

---
Interconnecting.org can play a powerful role in strengthening information resources to address the most urgent global issues such as combatting hunger, poverty, oppression, and environmental destruction. These endeavors will demand unprecedented international cooperation and collaboration across different sectors and between levels of society.  Interconnecting technology can help to coordinate these challenging undertakings.

Today, the amount of information available is unprecedented, as are our means of communicating and interacting with each other. However, we rarely optimize the potential of these capabilities. By reorienting traditional approaches to learning and spreading information, we will take better advantage of the incredible opportunities available to us. Interconnecting technologies build on the acknowledgment that our individual perspectives are limited. Our knowledge and understanding are fragmented, leaving valuable information and insights scattered. Interconnecting.org offers a systematic approach to compiling and presenting this information so that we are able to find what we actually need rather than only what we think we need.

Authentic, systemic change at a societal or global level requires introspective change at a personal level. We must open ourselves to new experiences, consider new viewpoints, and reexamine long-held beliefs. But how long do we actually explore these new perspectives before retreating to the reassuring safety of our particular worldviews? Interconnecting provides opportunities to engage other perspectives, to challenge them and learn from them, to persuade them, and to be changed by them. If we do not alter our approach to sharing knowledge and information, we should not be surprised when we fail to achieve our potential. Interconnecting invites each of us to step into a larger, interrelated world in which the most daunting challenges are met by extraordinary, groundbreaking collaborations and innovations.

****